hi youtubers I'm Christina and that's
Tyler we're gonna show you how to play a
B minor chord and this is the open chord
so what you're gonna do is you're gonna
put your ring finger on the third string
on the fourth fret right here and then
you're going to add your pinkie right
after that on the fourth fret on the
fourth string you're gonna add your
middle finger to the third fret on the
5th string and then add your index
finger right here to the 6th string on
the second fret and and you're just
going to play those chords
so you don't hit any other chords except
for the strings or it's strange except
for the ones that you're pressing down
right and it's a very sad sad chord that
B minor there's all there's another
variation where you could actually play
this note in addition and still playing
this
string and then that one as well if you
can play both at the same time which I
like to do is it a little polar sounded
technically it's still a b-minor and
there's yet even another way to play the
B minor up on the seventh fret if you
put your finger all the way across the
seventh fret yeah you see that let's
look at Chris's hand there and then you
then you play so go ahead and put it all
the way across the seventh and then on
this fret which is the ninth fret you
put your ring and then your pinkie and
then go play like that right so let's
hear the sound difference on your and
then on mine
both very sad
that's your B minor B minor B minor yeah
so that's the B minor use it in all your
songs yep
it's a lot of beautiful songs actually
they really like to be minor really yeah
if you look at a Beatles song book
you'll notice they when they do minor
chords attempt to be be mine what about
what about Kurt Cobain be minor not so
much no like major chords in E he was a
major chord guy instead of your major
chord guy and minors Beatles yes yeah
but the minors are helpful to learn
after you've got all the majors down yep
go back and learn all the minor so yeah
adds a whole new vocabulary to your
chord your chord knowledge base all
right all righty
cool if you want to learn how to play
any of these chords click on these
videos